this is an extremely lucky girl she went
out when it rained heavily
immediately the rain stopped she called
a taxi during rush hour the car
immediately arrived
she even picked up 100 out of nowhere
there are always green lights on the
road
she waited for the elevator immediately
an empty elevator arrived
and she even met a rich handsome guy in
it today her company has a meeting with
a very important client
her boss was late because she was stuck
in the elevator ashley
who was just a new employee came to the
big client and just chatted
unexpectedly made the big client very
satisfied the company signed a big
contract
and her boss immediately promoted her to
the position of manager
she is truly the goddess of luck and
this is an extremely unlucky guy
his name is jack jack just got out of
the house and got hit by bird's poop
from the sky
he bent down to pick up the money then
his pants were torn
when at the park he bumped into a girl
and people thought that he was a pervert
jack is a band manager there was a big
label watching them but jacqueline
they were about to disband thanks to him
he had the information that the owner of
a major studio would be attending a gala
in order to save the situation he
decided to go there at the gala
he met ashley the two danced together
and gave each other a passionate kiss
it was that kiss that switched their
fate when the prom was over
jack wanted to contact the boss but he
was on the phone suddenly
to thanks jack for saving him the boss
immediately promised to sponsor his band
and also gave him a lavish mansion jack
has really changed his fate
and poor ashley has to suffer bad luck
for him she had just stepped onto the
dance floor when her expensive high
heels broke
as soon as she bent down her dress was
torn apart she took a sip of wine to
calm down
but no one would expect her to choke she
was also suddenly thrown into prison for
no reason
in the morning when she was released she
found out that her house was leaking gas
and it was being demolished by the
construction workers her main properties
just fit inside a carton box
she walked into the elevator the box was
punctured and all her belongings fell to
the ground
nowhere to go she slept at the house of
a best friend while drying her hair
her hair was stuck to the dryer she
would frighten and throw it into the
back
caused a power outage in the whole block
with such bad luck
who could possibly survive ashley finds
a psychic to see fortune telling
she tells ashley that it was because of
a kiss that took her luck she
immediately understood
decided to go find the man wearing the
mask who kissed her the night before to
regain her luck
she made a list of all the people who
attended the prom that day and reached
out to them
the first one was getting married today
she went over to give him a deep kiss
and got him in big trouble she
immediately scratched a lottery ticket
and saw that she did not win the prize
it looks like he was not the one she
kisses the second the third
so on but her luck hasn't come back only
one last person remained
she goes to a bizarre art exhibition
pretending to give the man cpr
she finally managed to kiss the last
person on the list then there was a rich
handsome guy standing up to her
she thought her
and also gives her something to eat jack
also finds her jobs
although they are jobs like cleaning
toilets ashley knows she has no other
options
she still tries to work hard but her
luck is so bad the vacuum cleaner went
crazy and knocked her to the ground
when she was cleaning unfortunately a
disgusting gum under the table fell into
her mouth
when she cleared the bowling alley she
was swept inside
jack on the other side is already on
cloud nine his band quickly finished
recording
making the boss very happy and wanted to
give them a big concert
but he always remembered the unlucky
ashley while changing the light bulb
that day
after he was electrocuted jack
immediately ran to help her and take
care of the wound
he took on the role of an expert
beginning to teach ashley how to deal
with an unfortunate fate
also gave the bag that saved his life
dozens of times to ashley
there were all drugs and tools used in
emergency situations inside
that day jack accidentally met ashley in
heavy rain
she was just a few steps away when her
umbrella was blown away by the wind
then he brought ashley back to his
luxury house after she showered
she went to wash her clothes guess what
when she touched it
the washing machine was broken spraying
foam everywhere
jack rushed to save her at that time the
two people's feelings suddenly began to
arise
at the recording studio ashley overhears
jack sneaked into the gala that night
she realized that the person she was
looking for must be jack ashley
immediately stood up and gave jack a
deep kiss
yes omg her luck is back and of course
jack again became an unlucky guy on the
day of the performance
the guitarist's strings broke and hit
his eyes the drummer was stuck on the
stage
it was time to perform but everyone
could not find him
the boss was so angry that his hair all
fell out when everything was about to be
destroyed
ashley shows up beside jack and kisses
him she gave her luck to jack
jack desperately needs that now the
drummer immediately appeared on stage
and the performance was going very
smoothly
finally the boss and jack were able to
breathe a sigh of relief
on the other side ashley talks to her
best friend about jack
she had loved him deeply but she
couldn't be with him because that way
she would take jack's luck
ashley has accepted to sacrifice for
love she went to the airport to leave
unexpectedly that jack also figured out
everything and chased after her
ashley still wants to go listen jake i
can't see you
okay it's for your own good jack said
gross things that touched ashley but
i'll be fine without it
because i'll have you in my life a few
bumps and bruises along the way are a
small price to pay
then the two of them kissed they were
not afraid of a thing during their kiss
the electronic board kept changing
between normal and delay
whether the goddess of luck or the
unlucky one they have found the greatest
luck in this life
they found the other half they
simultaneously kiss a sad girl
imparting the love that god has bestowed
on her then they held hands
deciding to face the future together